Improving ubuntu devcontainer (#1752)
pyansys/pymapdl: .devcontainer/README.rst

This guide should guide you on how to develop PyMAPDL features or fix bugs using
a `remote container <https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers>`_
or `Codespaces <https://github.com/features/codespaces>`_.

The files for setting up the container can be found in the 
`.devcontainer directory <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/tree/main/.devcontainer>`_.

Using a Remote Container
========================

To use remote containers locally, you need to install:

* `VS Code <https://code.visualstudio.com>`_
* `Docker <https://www.docker.com>`_.
  It is recommended to use Windows Subsystem Linux (WSL) backend to run docker containers.
  See `https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers#_getting-started`_ for
  more information.
* `Remove Development VS Code extension <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.vscode-remote-extensionpack>`_

Once you have everything installed you can open the current folder (or repository) using
``ctr/cmd`` + ``shift`` + ``p`` to open the VSCode *Command palette*.
Then select ``Dev Containers: Open Folder in Container``.

> Because the configuration is available in ``.devcontainer`` folder, VS Code will automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the configuration is available in ``.devcontainer`` directory, VS Code will automatically
```

Licensing
---------

You will need to have a valid license to run MAPDL.

When you launch the container, the file ``script.sh`` automatically checks if the environment
variable ``ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE`` exists.
This environment variable sets the port and IP address of the license server.

If you do not have set this env var before launching the container, you will be asked to enter
your license server port and address.

You can set your license using the environment variable ``ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE`` before launching
VS Code.
For example, if you have a license server at the address ``123.45.67.89``, you can set the license using:

.. code:: bash
  
   export ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE="1055@123.45.65.89" # set license env var
   code . # launch VS Code

And then open the folder in the container using the *Command palette*.

Using Codespaces
================

Codespaces launch a container which already contains the latest MAPDL image. 
This is the easiest way to get started with PyMAPDL development.

You can launch a Codespace by clicking on the ``Code`` button on the top right of the repository and then clicking on ``Open with Codespaces``.

> .. image:: .. image:: https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/raw/main/doc/source/images/devcontainer/open_codespaces.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. image:: https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/raw/main/doc/source/images/devcontainer/open_codespaces.png
```

   :alt: Open with Codespaces

> After some time allowed to load, you can see a fully functional Codespace with the latest MAPDL image and the latest PyMAPDL repository cloned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a moment, you will see a fully functional Codespace with the latest MAPDL image and the latest PyMAPDL repository cloned.
```

> .. image:: .. image:: https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/raw/main/doc/source/images/devcontainer/codespaces_main.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. image:: https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/raw/main/doc/source/images/devcontainer/codespaces_main.png
```
